Updates docs with reset, model lists (#254)
jupyterlab/jupyter-ai: docs/source/users/index.md

a function that runs 5 test cases of the lowest common multiple function
```

### Clearing the OpenAI chat history

With the `openai-chat` provider *only*, you can run a cell magic command using the `-r` or

> `--reset` option to clear the chat history. After you do this, past magic commands you've
> run with the `openai-chat` provider will no longer be provided as prefix messages in

Reviewer: ```suggestion
`--reset` option to clear the chat history. After you do this, previous magic commands you've
run with the `openai-chat` provider will no longer be added as context in
```
